Pastor Brent McQuay: Foreign. Welcome back to another episode of
Pastor Brent McQuay: Between Sermons, where we get to continue
Pastor Brent McQuay: our conversation from Sunday. This is kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of like a glimpse into, like, what
Pastor Brent McQuay: would happen in a small group. We're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to take the Sunday sermon and
Pastor Brent McQuay: kind of apply it to our lives
Pastor Brent McQuay: a little bit deeper, discuss things a
Pastor Brent McQuay: little bit more. I don't know personally,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but in order to do that, in
Pastor Brent McQuay: order to continue this conversation, I need
Pastor Brent McQuay: people to talk to. And so Tyisha
Pastor Brent McQuay: helps me with that because I have
Pastor Brent McQuay: a hard time talking with people. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're the help.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I don't think you have a hard
Ti'heasha Beasley: time. I always say you could run
Ti'heasha Beasley: this show by yourself, and you did.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Before you could talk, you did. You
Ti'heasha Beasley: do it all the time.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah, I talk too much.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's all I'm hearing right now.
Tiffany Hines: How long has the podcast been going?
Tiffany Hines: So I don't know. At some point
Tiffany Hines: you can still say I have a
Tiffany Hines: hard time talking to people.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, I mean, yeah, now some things
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't get any easier. Some things are
Pastor Brent McQuay: just. It's just the reality.
Ti'heasha Beasley: How do you know I don't have
Ti'heasha Beasley: a hard time talking to people?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because you never stop talking.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. Anyway.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, to people. To people. To
Pastor Brent McQuay: people.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. Let's introduce our fabulous guest.
Tiffany Hines: Like, I feel like the last time
Tiffany Hines: I was on here, it went that
Tiffany Hines: way and you felt away. So I'm
Tiffany Hines: not gonna. No, not this time.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, because you want to say I
Ti'heasha Beasley: talk.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, we tell people, like. We tell
Pastor Brent McQuay: people like, this is a glimpse of,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, a small group. How would a
Pastor Brent McQuay: small group function? The Sunday service, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: if you're not ribbon at each other,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, a little bit.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Are you really friends?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. No, that's true.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, you should. There should be
Pastor Brent McQuay: a microphone in my actual small group
Pastor Brent McQuay: that I do on Wednesdays. Like that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That group, we. We say some wild
Pastor Brent McQuay: things.
Tiffany Hines: It's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a lot of fun.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's cool. I think all small groups
Ti'heasha Beasley: should have that element. I don't think
Ti'heasha Beasley: I would want to be a part
Ti'heasha Beasley: of a small group that was, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: stiff and stuffy. I don't know if
Ti'heasha Beasley: I would want to be a part
Ti'heasha Beasley: of a church that was stiff and
Ti'heasha Beasley: stuffy. Yeah, Stiff and stuffy.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, let's welcome our special guest, Tiff
Ti'heasha Beasley: Hines. You are no stranger.
Tiffany Hines: Hello.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Hi. He said, hi, Tiff. That reminded
Ti'heasha Beasley: me of Sesame street for, like, two
Ti'heasha Beasley: minutes.
Tiffany Hines: Now. That's Carlton.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We get Carlton on. Then you get
Pastor Brent McQuay: all the Sesame Street.
Tiffany Hines: I don't know.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It was just like, hey, to Flake.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's just the young Brent came But
Ti'heasha Beasley: no, we are. We have the joy
Ti'heasha Beasley: of the Lord.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Amazing people listen to this show because
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's a miracle and they look.
Ti'heasha Beasley: They enjoy it. Right, guys? You enjoy
Ti'heasha Beasley: between sermons. And we are so grateful
Ti'heasha Beasley: that you rock with us. But yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So today we are continuing the conversation
Ti'heasha Beasley: about our mission series. It has been
Ti'heasha Beasley: incredible. What's been your thoughts so far?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Tiff about what we've been talking about
Ti'heasha Beasley: over the last three weeks.
Tiffany Hines: So part of it, I was on
Tiffany Hines: a mission trip in Kenya.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Tiffany Hines: So I can speak just really strongly
Tiffany Hines: to yesterday with Lilyfield. And that was
Tiffany Hines: incredible on so many levels. But I
Tiffany Hines: know we're going to get into it
Tiffany Hines: more. But I think conversations and messages
Tiffany Hines: about missions, it can either penetrate or
Tiffany Hines: people could just be like, okay, that
Tiffany Hines: was cute kind of thing. But I
Tiffany Hines: felt like yesterday was like a transition
Tiffany Hines: spiritually that happened. So that was my
Tiffany Hines: experience yesterday. Yeah, it challenged a lot.
Tiffany Hines: So.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, man, I think you nailed it
Pastor Brent McQuay: there. Like, I think for a lot
Pastor Brent McQuay: of people, though, like, when. When they
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't have the heart for missions yet,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. It's easy to kind of zone
Pastor Brent McQuay: out or tune out during this series
Pastor Brent McQuay: because we do this every year, really,
Pastor Brent McQuay: where we make an emphasis on what's
Pastor Brent McQuay: God doing in the nations and how
Pastor Brent McQuay: are we a part of it and
Pastor Brent McQuay: promote our trips and highlight our partners
Pastor Brent McQuay: and all that. And it is. We
Pastor Brent McQuay: keep it short. It's only three weeks.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, this is the last week of
Pastor Brent McQuay: it. But we do see a lot
Pastor Brent McQuay: of people that are like, well, I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: not going on a trip, so this
Pastor Brent McQuay: isn't for me. I think yesterday just
Pastor Brent McQuay: slapped those people in the face in,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, the nicest way. Like, literally, one
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the guys came out of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: service. He's like, man, I feel like
Pastor Brent McQuay: I just got kicked in the head.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I was like. But it felt
Pastor Brent McQuay: good, didn't. He's like, yeah, I want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do it again. Oh, God.
Tiffany Hines: Come back for the next service.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow, man, I. I would love to,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, just start, I guess, with your
Ti'heasha Beasley: perspective on yesterday's message. We had a
Ti'heasha Beasley: guest speaker in the house, and she
Ti'heasha Beasley: was amazing.
Tiffany Hines: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: L feels is a missionary, and she
Ti'heasha Beasley: just really travels the world spreading the
Ti'heasha Beasley: gospel, talking about the gospel. And so
Ti'heasha Beasley: I would say we can find that
Ti'heasha Beasley: on YouTube. You just won't.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So it was the. The awkwardness
Pastor Brent McQuay: of yesterday. So for safety reasons, we
Pastor Brent McQuay: can't show her face on the Internet.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Which is kind of funny because when
Pastor Brent McQuay: we first booked her to come, uh,
Pastor Brent McQuay: your team was looking for pictures of
Pastor Brent McQuay: her that we could promote. And you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, I Can't find this woman anywhere.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's like, oh, that's. Yeah, that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: intentional.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're supposed to find her.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so I. I do. I want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to clarify because we had some people
Pastor Brent McQuay: that were like, wait, but we're going
Pastor Brent McQuay: on a missions trip with the lady.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Are we safe?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, are we.
Tiffany Hines: Okay, I don't think about that part.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, yes, like, we're going with her
Pastor Brent McQuay: to England, to the uk and it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: safe. It's just she does other work
Pastor Brent McQuay: in other places and people that she
Pastor Brent McQuay: works with. So, like, members of her
Pastor Brent McQuay: team would become unsafe because by relation,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if you find out who she is,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you find out who they are, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: just a whole mess. And we actually,
Pastor Brent McQuay: what's interesting is we don't talk about
Pastor Brent McQuay: this a lot, but we have several
Pastor Brent McQuay: missions partners that fall into that space.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, some of our partners with Elam,
Pastor Brent McQuay: some of our indie evangelical team members.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, we have to be really cautious
Pastor Brent McQuay: with that. Even a few people that
Pastor Brent McQuay: are working in Israel right now, there's,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, safety concerns for. For publicity. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so it's. It's kind of cool that
Pastor Brent McQuay: as a church, people are going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: judge me for that. It's cool that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we work with people that are in
Pastor Brent McQuay: danger. But, like, like, it. It kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of is. Like, it's. These are people
Pastor Brent McQuay: who are literally putting their life on
Pastor Brent McQuay: the line for the gospel, and we
Pastor Brent McQuay: get to be a part of their
Pastor Brent McQuay: ministry and part of their lives. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so I think it's a privilege. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: an honor.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, no, it is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So Lily falls in that category.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. It makes it that whole piece
Ti'heasha Beasley: of, like, really, like, sacrifice and submitting
Ti'heasha Beasley: your life, like, really doing it for
Ti'heasha Beasley: the gospel. Because we get so comfortable
Ti'heasha Beasley: with Americanized Christianity. Like, let's just keep
Ti'heasha Beasley: it. And I feel like that's one
Ti'heasha Beasley: thing she attacked headline and her message
Ti'heasha Beasley: yesterday was like, that American mission perspective.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, what. You know, what we might
Ti'heasha Beasley: think missions is here in America, but.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, give us your. Your thoughts on.
Ti'heasha Beasley: On that. Set the tone.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So I love the. The message.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I. I do think that you should
Pastor Brent McQuay: listen to it. I would say watch
Pastor Brent McQuay: it, but you're. You're gonna see a
Pastor Brent McQuay: graphic.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's like a podcast.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a podcast.
Tiffany Hines: Like a podcast.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Listen to. Listen to that message. And.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And honestly, because she said some things
Pastor Brent McQuay: so beautifully, and. And it's things that
Pastor Brent McQuay: I believe, but I don't know how
Pastor Brent McQuay: I could articulate it the way she
Pastor Brent McQuay: was able to articulate it.
Tiffany Hines: There's just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's something special about her and being
Pastor Brent McQuay: able to utilize her own personal testimony
Pastor Brent McQuay: within this conversation. And so it was.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It was one of those where, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: know, we could be saying all the
Pastor Brent McQuay: same things, but it, It. It feels
Pastor Brent McQuay: different. It hits different coming from. From
Pastor Brent McQuay: Lily and so highly just recommend everybody,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, if. If you're listening to this
Pastor Brent McQuay: podcast but you didn't hear that message,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I would even go so far as
Pastor Brent McQuay: to say just go ahead and pause
Pastor Brent McQuay: this.
Tiffany Hines: Absolutely.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Go listen to that idea.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Then maybe come back listen to us
Pastor Brent McQuay: too. But that's what you need to
Pastor Brent McQuay: hear.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Is. Is her testimony and her just
Pastor Brent McQuay: delivery of the focus of missions. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so it's one of those cool things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that, like, we've talked about before. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I've even used the phrase that, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if we give people humanitarian aid, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: we don't give them Jesus, then we
Pastor Brent McQuay: just let them go to hell with
Pastor Brent McQuay: a full stomach. Yeah, like that. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that can't be our mission. But she
Pastor Brent McQuay: got up there and she said it
Pastor Brent McQuay: in such a more powerful way even
Pastor Brent McQuay: than what we've done in the past.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So for me, it was almost like
Pastor Brent McQuay: she was just a reframing of what
Pastor Brent McQuay: we believe for missions and what we
Pastor Brent McQuay: do with missions, that the priority is
Pastor Brent McQuay: God. Like, we're doing this for him,
Pastor Brent McQuay: not for ourselves, not for. For others.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it really is about the gospel.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That. That was kind of the premise
Pastor Brent McQuay: of her message is that we kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of sometimes make missions feel like it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the thing that wealthy people do for
Pastor Brent McQuay: poor people in poor places. That's missions.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And there. There is a lot of
Pastor Brent McQuay: humanitarian aid wrapped into missions, which is
Pastor Brent McQuay: a byproduct of Christianity. Like, we are
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christians, so we do good, right?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus went about. The Bible says Jesus
Pastor Brent McQuay: went about doing good. And so as
Pastor Brent McQuay: his disciples, we want to go about
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing good. And so, yeah, we're going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to build wells and we're going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: bring food and we're going to bring
Pastor Brent McQuay: clothes, and we're going to do those
Pastor Brent McQuay: things. But at its core, what missions
Pastor Brent McQuay: is actually is people who know Jesus
Pastor Brent McQuay: telling people who don't know Jesus about
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so that it doesn't matter if
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're rich or poor, if you're in
Pastor Brent McQuay: a good country or a bad country,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if you're in first world or third
Pastor Brent McQuay: world or somewhere in between, it really
Pastor Brent McQuay: doesn't matter. Like, you need to take
Pastor Brent McQuay: the gospel to wealthy people living great
Pastor Brent McQuay: lives, but if they don't know Jesus,
Pastor Brent McQuay: they're still going to hell.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so like that. That was that
Pastor Brent McQuay: almost that reframing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, yeah, we want to go to
Pastor Brent McQuay: places. And we want to do good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We're still going to partner with organizations
Pastor Brent McQuay: that are there to do good. Because
Pastor Brent McQuay: the quote that I use sometimes is
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's really hard to hear the gospel
Pastor Brent McQuay: over the sound of a grumbling stomach.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, yeah, we need to
Pastor Brent McQuay: meet some of these. These material needs
Pastor Brent McQuay: for people. But if that becomes the
Pastor Brent McQuay: only people we try and get the
Pastor Brent McQuay: gospel to, like, what are we doing?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Are we. Are we basically just telling
Pastor Brent McQuay: the world, like, it's okay for you
Pastor Brent McQuay: to go to hell if you're wealthy?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like what? That's messed up.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's so true.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So it was just. It was just
Pastor Brent McQuay: a beautiful reframing. And she used our
Pastor Brent McQuay: series to. To tie it all together.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So. Yeah, so our series is for
Pastor Brent McQuay: the One. And she's like, well, let's
Pastor Brent McQuay: start with. It's for the One. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: One God. And then she built it
Pastor Brent McQuay: from there. The One. The next one
Pastor Brent McQuay: is us personally, the me that's being
Pastor Brent McQuay: transformed. That. And we talk about that
Pastor Brent McQuay: with our teams all the time. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: hey, you're going to minister to others,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but you're going to be ministered to.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's your life that's going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: impacted by this, not. Not just theirs.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so that's the second one, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: then the last one is the one
Pastor Brent McQuay: that needs to know Jesus.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So it was really cool the way
Pastor Brent McQuay: she weaved the for the One all
Pastor Brent McQuay: together, but built it on this foundation
Pastor Brent McQuay: of before you start trying to fix
Pastor Brent McQuay: yourself, before you start trying to fix
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody else, like, recognize this is all
Pastor Brent McQuay: because of God. For God, through God,
Pastor Brent McQuay: he gets the glory at the start,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the middle, the end. It's all about
Pastor Brent McQuay: Him.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that is so much to say
Ti'heasha Beasley: there. But it's a lot of meditation,
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot of self reflecting. Because I
Ti'heasha Beasley: even like how she pointed out the
Ti'heasha Beasley: local mission, that the work that starts
Ti'heasha Beasley: here. And even in yourself where it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, am I. Am I missing it
Ti'heasha Beasley: in some areas? Like, am I doing
Ti'heasha Beasley: things? And it's not for, like, it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: not for Christ. Like, it's. It could
Ti'heasha Beasley: be a great thing. Like, I want
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be this great, I don't know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: leader or singer or whatever. Like, is
Ti'heasha Beasley: God pleased? You know, so that. That
Ti'heasha Beasley: hit me.
Tiffany Hines: I think for me, I almost have
Tiffany Hines: to slow it down in my commentary
Tiffany Hines: of yesterday because it was so layered.
Tiffany Hines: And that's why I think, like Pastor
Tiffany Hines: Brent, you were saying about go listen
Tiffany Hines: to the message first, because it spoke
Tiffany Hines: on a lot of spiritual, it spoke
Tiffany Hines: on practical, it spoke on historical. And
Tiffany Hines: I think that the way that she
Tiffany Hines: set up things first. Even asking people
Tiffany Hines: one what they thought missions were in
Tiffany Hines: the crowd. So a lot of people
Tiffany Hines: travel or serving or like those different
Tiffany Hines: things that she mentioned, again, they were
Tiffany Hines: good things. But her debunking of like,
Tiffany Hines: those are good works, but the mission
Tiffany Hines: is God first is like a first
Tiffany Hines: like snap of I don't know, even
Tiffany Hines: though we're saying it, I don't know
Tiffany Hines: if the mentality. Because the mentality is
Tiffany Hines: I hear the words, I hear the
Tiffany Hines: responsive words people say.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So.
Tiffany Hines: So I know that what she was
Tiffany Hines: saying is not always lining up to
Tiffany Hines: what people are doing, even though they're
Tiffany Hines: doing good works. But mindset is very
Tiffany Hines: me based. And so it was that
Tiffany Hines: part I know when it comes to
Tiffany Hines: trips. My first missions trip, I was
Tiffany Hines: a sophomore in college. I had never
Tiffany Hines: heard of mission trips. Like the church
Tiffany Hines: that I went to when I was
Tiffany Hines: a kid. It was in the inner
Tiffany Hines: city. And then I started going to
Tiffany Hines: a church in the suburbs and it
Tiffany Hines: was a lot bigger. But again, we
Tiffany Hines: had the flags, not that many flags
Tiffany Hines: of all the nations. But we did
Tiffany Hines: not talk and share about missions trips.
Tiffany Hines: So going the trips always have mainly
Tiffany Hines: white students that could go or not
Tiffany Hines: could go, but that would go that
Tiffany Hines: were knowledgeable about it, that maybe had
Tiffany Hines: been on one before. All these different
Tiffany Hines: things. So her first given some history
Tiffany Hines: as an African American woman. Because you
Tiffany Hines: wouldn't know that most people didn't know
Tiffany Hines: who they were walking into on Sunday.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Realize that like, if people are just
Pastor Brent McQuay: listening to the message and not seeing
Pastor Brent McQuay: her, like some of the things she
Pastor Brent McQuay: said might have come across offensive. If
Pastor Brent McQuay: you think that this is a white
Pastor Brent McQuay: lady talking.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah, but no, it was. It was
Tiffany Hines: a black woman sharing historically of black
Tiffany Hines: people not being able to go on
Tiffany Hines: missions trips. So different things, the organization
Tiffany Hines: being birthed from that which can give
Tiffany Hines: some clarity as to sometimes there is
Tiffany Hines: a barrier as to why African Americans
Tiffany Hines: and minorities may not always understand global
Tiffany Hines: missions. So first let's bring some history
Tiffany Hines: there. And then also you're getting to
Tiffany Hines: see this woman who has laid down
Tiffany Hines: her life in these barriers since she
Tiffany Hines: was a teen. And seeing that. And
Tiffany Hines: so that I don't. I could. We're
Tiffany Hines: going to talk more. But that was
Tiffany Hines: right now you lie. First of all,
Tiffany Hines: I forgot that I was on the
Tiffany Hines: podcast today. So I had to pray
Tiffany Hines: first. Like, Lord, I got a lot
Tiffany Hines: to say in my brain that I
Tiffany Hines: still am processing. But what she said,
Tiffany Hines: I'm like, I hear our language, I
Tiffany Hines: hear Christians, American Christians, Western Christians, of
Tiffany Hines: what we say about missions. And like
Tiffany Hines: man and What I received and my
Tiffany Hines: life is going to be changed and
Tiffany Hines: like, and even me, you didn't have
Tiffany Hines: anything and you still had joy. That
Tiffany Hines: is great stuff. But I'm like, I
Tiffany Hines: don't know, heart wise even in our
Tiffany Hines: best intention, if it's lining up to
Tiffany Hines: God being the mission and that being
Tiffany Hines: to share the gospel. So.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, I mean, we can stay there
Ti'heasha Beasley: a little bit. I want to talk.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You are someone who is not a
Ti'heasha Beasley: stranger to going on mission trips. So.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So you've been on how many mission
Ti'heasha Beasley: trips so far? It's been a lot.
Tiffany Hines: It's been several. Some have been repeats.
Tiffany Hines: So here at DC I've gone to
Tiffany Hines: Kenya maybe three times and then Cambodia.
Tiffany Hines: One time I went with Pastor Brent
Tiffany Hines: and our old xp. I've been to
Tiffany Hines: the Philippines and then a couple times
Tiffany Hines: in Zambia, but that was in college.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So do you feel like yesterday's message,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, so prior when you went, do
Ti'heasha Beasley: you feel like it was a huge
Ti'heasha Beasley: difference in like your new perspective since
Ti'heasha Beasley: yesterday's message? I guess I'm trying to
Ti'heasha Beasley: say, like, what is it something that
Ti'heasha Beasley: change?
Tiffany Hines: Yeah, I think that it confirmed language
Tiffany Hines: as you're saying the wrestle, honestly that
Tiffany Hines: sometimes I've had with mission trips, short
Tiffany Hines: term missions trips, is because sometimes people
Tiffany Hines: can get like, and I got to
Tiffany Hines: go and help these people kind of
Tiffany Hines: thing. And so then people can become
Tiffany Hines: addicted in quotes, in case you're listening
Tiffany Hines: to this, addicted to missions. But you're
Tiffany Hines: not asking the questions of what God,
Tiffany Hines: what are you telling for me to
Tiffany Hines: do next? But because at some point
Tiffany Hines: I'm just going on trips, I'm doing
Tiffany Hines: something good, I get to lay hands
Tiffany Hines: on people, I get to feed kids,
Tiffany Hines: whatever, you know, give medical needs and
Tiffany Hines: stuff. But like asking those deeper questions
Tiffany Hines: that if God has put something on
Tiffany Hines: the inside that he's requiring, like a
Tiffany Hines: next step, but not having the language,
Tiffany Hines: but feeling this tension, excuse me, tension
Tiffany Hines: that I think after the second time
Tiffany Hines: that I went to Cambodia, there was
Tiffany Hines: this wrestle and when I came back
Tiffany Hines: and I was journaling, I'm like, God,
Tiffany Hines: you didn't speak to me in Cambodia.
Tiffany Hines: Like, you know, God's going to speak.
Tiffany Hines: That's, you know, maybe things that we
Tiffany Hines: say because God, you get to see
Tiffany Hines: a different facet of God. Which I
Tiffany Hines: think is a great reason why people
Tiffany Hines: should get out of their comfort zone
Tiffany Hines: and go and preach the gospel to
Tiffany Hines: a different culture if they can. A
Tiffany Hines: lot of different cultures, even here in
Tiffany Hines: the U.S. but I'm like, you didn't
Tiffany Hines: speak to me. And once I got
Tiffany Hines: home and I was journaling And I
Tiffany Hines: heard God very clearly say, this is
Tiffany Hines: your last trip. This is your last
Tiffany Hines: missions trip. And so I was like,
Tiffany Hines: okay. Because I, I believe that I
Tiffany Hines: just the action step of next. And
Tiffany Hines: I knew that from college. I felt
Tiffany Hines: this heart of stirring. But because I
Tiffany Hines: didn't know, I understood why God was
Tiffany Hines: like, that's enough. Yeah, that, that's enough.
Tiffany Hines: And so I don't think if it
Tiffany Hines: wasn't for getting the opportunity to lead
Tiffany Hines: trips to Kenya one asking God for
Tiffany Hines: permission. Is this okay? Because I know
Tiffany Hines: what you said after Cambodia, but also
Tiffany Hines: get an opportunity to kind of help
Tiffany Hines: guide people out of that me centered,
Tiffany Hines: centered space. Because there are a lot
Tiffany Hines: of questions and things that you have
Tiffany Hines: to come back home with and you
Tiffany Hines: could miss it. You could come in
Tiffany Hines: with your American thoughts and words that
Tiffany Hines: can be damaging, talking about how the
Tiffany Hines: Lord's had you prosper and I'm blessed
Tiffany Hines: not. And to people who financially don't
Tiffany Hines: have. So that can send the wrong
Tiffany Hines: message. So you get to as much
Tiffany Hines: as you can kind of prepare people
Tiffany Hines: in a space that like, we want
Tiffany Hines: to go do good and we don't
Tiffany Hines: want to leave people damaged. So the
Tiffany Hines: language for I was like, this is
Tiffany Hines: speaking. It's convicting. It is. It's explaining
Tiffany Hines: some things as to how sometimes some
Tiffany Hines: hurt people can experience when you don't
Tiffany Hines: understand that the mission is God and
Tiffany Hines: not to go and just help people.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah, it just, it was just. Again,
Tiffany Hines: I'm still processing a lot, but yes,
Tiffany Hines: active processing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's interesting. I saw there was a
Pastor Brent McQuay: trend maybe five, 10 years ago of
Pastor Brent McQuay: like people like bashing short term missions
Pastor Brent McQuay: trips. And it was a lot of
Pastor Brent McQuay: like deconstruct Christians or even people that
Pastor Brent McQuay: were still Christian, but they were like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: y' all need to stop doing these
Pastor Brent McQuay: short term white savior trips. And it
Pastor Brent McQuay: was like, okay, yeah, like, definitely. Yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that doesn't mean stop all trips, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: right. That was. There was a bad
Pastor Brent McQuay: thing happening. And I think sometimes people
Pastor Brent McQuay: have like a wrong expectation or a
Pastor Brent McQuay: wrong view of what mission is all
Pastor Brent McQuay: about, especially short term. And it's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, but when you do it the
Pastor Brent McQuay: wrong way. Yeah, it's bad.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But you do anything the wrong way
Pastor Brent McQuay: and it's bad. So you don't just
Pastor Brent McQuay: stop doing it. You figure out how
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do it the right way. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so like, one of the things I
Pastor Brent McQuay: love about the, the foundation of this
Pastor Brent McQuay: church is, you know, we joke all
Pastor Brent McQuay: the time that our founding pastor was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a missionary trapped in a pastor's body.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so like he understood the missionary
Pastor Brent McQuay: heart and mindset. He Knew the struggles
Pastor Brent McQuay: of a missionary. And so when, when
Pastor Brent McQuay: he started first putting together short term
Pastor Brent McQuay: trips, like he was going in it
Pastor Brent McQuay: with that understanding and that mindset. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so like, like we're there to help
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a blessing to that, that team.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But if we're just coming in and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're just going to do, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: something that just glorifies us or makes
Pastor Brent McQuay: us feel good that we did it
Pastor Brent McQuay: and then we leave, it's like, man,
Pastor Brent McQuay: what was the point? Yeah, like, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: when you recognize like some of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: places that we go, like there are
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christians who are all alone and having
Pastor Brent McQuay: a team of people come in, it's,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's so encouraging. It's like, like the
Pastor Brent McQuay: number of times I've worked with one
Pastor Brent McQuay: of our partners that, that literally looked
Pastor Brent McQuay: me in the eyes and said, thank
Pastor Brent McQuay: you so much for being here, reminds
Pastor Brent McQuay: me that, that God didn't forget about
Pastor Brent McQuay: us.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like sometimes just being here, it's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, God, what am I doing? And
Pastor Brent McQuay: then a team comes in and it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, God, you sent this group of
Pastor Brent McQuay: people all the way from wherever they
Pastor Brent McQuay: came from here to the work that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you've had me doing for years. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's just, it's encouraging. And so, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think for people that are like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, you know, short term trips do
Pastor Brent McQuay: do damage. Absolutely they can. When they're
Pastor Brent McQuay: done the wrong way.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: When you're doing it in partnership with
Pastor Brent McQuay: local organizations, local ministries, local missionaries, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think it can be extremely healthy and
Pastor Brent McQuay: beneficial. And so I think that, having
Pastor Brent McQuay: said all that, like the motive, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think is what I love that Lily
Pastor Brent McQuay: brought out is the motive. Like we
Pastor Brent McQuay: even talk like, yes, God does stuff
Pastor Brent McQuay: in us and yes, you know, giving
Pastor Brent McQuay: that kid a warm meal is going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to help him for today. Those, those
Pastor Brent McQuay: are good things. But the number one
Pastor Brent McQuay: motive, the starting point for our motivation
Pastor Brent McQuay: should be God, that this is about
Pastor Brent McQuay: glorifying him. And like with your story,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like you came back and you were
Pastor Brent McQuay: upset because God didn't speak to you,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's like, oh, so the trip was
Pastor Brent McQuay: about you.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I thought the trip was supposed
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be about me.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so like that's that shift that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we need to have in our perspective
Pastor Brent McQuay: of why we do missions, why we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to. And it's, it's because of
Pastor Brent McQuay: God and it's in obedience to him.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He said to go. Yeah, so let's
Pastor Brent McQuay: go.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, I so just thinking about like
Ti'heasha Beasley: just what God is doing in our
Ti'heasha Beasley: church as Disciples Church now, like even
Ti'heasha Beasley: with the name change and all of
Ti'heasha Beasley: that happening this year, I feel like
Ti'heasha Beasley: yesterday's message was a good perspective switch
Ti'heasha Beasley: even for our minds to go into.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, it was a paradigm shift where
Ti'heasha Beasley: it was like, it just aligned with
Ti'heasha Beasley: your heart for Disciples Church. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think even the language she used was,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, people who weren't getting it at
Ti'heasha Beasley: first. It was like, oh, I need
Ti'heasha Beasley: to go share the gospel of Jesus
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christ, because that is what being a
Ti'heasha Beasley: disciple really looks like it means. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: go and make disciples.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not go and dig water wells.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes. Oh, my gosh.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not go. And. And those things aren't
Pastor Brent McQuay: bad. We have to be careful with,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, it. It's. We're not. We don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: want to make this sound so extreme
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we neglect the good works that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're supposed to do as Christians. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: the starting, the priority, the focus is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's. It's God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's the gospel. Like, it is. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not rich people going to bless poor
Pastor Brent McQuay: people. It is people that know Jesus
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to tell people that don't know
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus about Jesus.
Tiffany Hines: And when you have that perspective of
Tiffany Hines: just people who have a lot of
Tiffany Hines: resources then going to help poor people,
Tiffany Hines: then you have the mindset that poor
Tiffany Hines: people can't come and reach you. And.
Tiffany Hines: And that's not also how the gospel
Tiffany Hines: works, too. Like, you can be very
Tiffany Hines: poor in spirit and someone be very
Tiffany Hines: rich in spirit who may not have
Tiffany Hines: the same financial resource. But am I
Tiffany Hines: open to hear the gospel or be
Tiffany Hines: challenged on the gospel if. If that
Tiffany Hines: is the thing that we're, like, say,
Tiffany Hines: told, you know, to go do it.
Tiffany Hines: Go help just the poor, you know,
Tiffany Hines: but also the poor in spirit as
Tiffany Hines: well.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's funny, I heard a conversation happened
Pastor Brent McQuay: yesterday that just cracks me up because
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody. Somebody went to Lily and said,
Pastor Brent McQuay: do you think it's possible for somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: from Africa to be in a. To
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a missionary to the United States?
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I think Lily thought it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a joke at first because, like, we
Pastor Brent McQuay: literally have that at our church. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Ni and Tayo are from Nigeria. They're
Pastor Brent McQuay: part of a missions organization, and they're
Pastor Brent McQuay: here in the US to bring that
Pastor Brent McQuay: missions aspect here. And so it's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: yes, yes, that's possible. Let me introduce
Pastor Brent McQuay: you to some African missionaries to the
Pastor Brent McQuay: U.S. and literally, it like, they introduced
Pastor Brent McQuay: the, like, yeah, like this. This is
Pastor Brent McQuay: real. This is happening because it's not
Pastor Brent McQuay: about prosperity. It's not about who has
Pastor Brent McQuay: stuff. It's about who has Jesus. Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Going to people that don't have Jesus.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just feel like now that we've
Ti'heasha Beasley: been doing everything just as a culture
Ti'heasha Beasley: in the United States, because I'm even
Ti'heasha Beasley: thinking about. She talks about, like, that
Ti'heasha Beasley: neighborhood perspective. Because, I mean, just to
Ti'heasha Beasley: be completely transparent, sometimes when I think
Ti'heasha Beasley: about, like, marketing and things like that,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you're like, what can we do for
Ti'heasha Beasley: people to bring them in? And it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, I need to erase that board
Ti'heasha Beasley: and be like, how can I show
Ti'heasha Beasley: them Christ in some way, you know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and make him known? And I.
Pastor Brent McQuay: How do I reach people that don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: know Jesus?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right? Like, how do I reach people
Ti'heasha Beasley: that don't know Jesus? And so that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is. It's really shifting, like, doing what
Ti'heasha Beasley: it's supposed to do. So what are
Ti'heasha Beasley: some practical things that we can take
Ti'heasha Beasley: away from this message to encourage people?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like what? Let's pull out some application
Ti'heasha Beasley: for those who are listening, and I'll
Ti'heasha Beasley: leave that job to you guys.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, I think the. The. We could
Pastor Brent McQuay: talk maybe for a while on this
Pastor Brent McQuay: or just skip over it completely because
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's not pleasant, it's not fun. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. The biggest application is die. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's. That's what scripture tells us. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: die to yourself. It's not about you
Pastor Brent McQuay: take up your cross daily. Like, that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not. Wear a pretty necklace that has
Pastor Brent McQuay: a cross on it. Like, no, take
Pastor Brent McQuay: up your cross. Is this is the
Pastor Brent McQuay: instrument of your torture and your death.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, that's what you're carrying.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so what. What that is, is
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's symbolically saying, I'm laying down my
Pastor Brent McQuay: life for this. I'm laying down my
Pastor Brent McQuay: life for Jesus. And so God, whatever
Pastor Brent McQuay: you have me to do, I'm doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: it out of. Out of obedience to
Pastor Brent McQuay: you. And so sometimes, like, she joked
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lot about, you know, we have
Pastor Brent McQuay: our own plan.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And we keep trying to, like, somehow
Pastor Brent McQuay: get our plan and God's plan to
Pastor Brent McQuay: work together. And instead, what we're supposed
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do is actually just let go
Pastor Brent McQuay: of our plan.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And what's really cool is, like, there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lot of times when I've noticed
Pastor Brent McQuay: in my own. That I had wanted
Pastor Brent McQuay: in my plans, showed up in God's
Pastor Brent McQuay: plan.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But I didn't have to make it
Pastor Brent McQuay: happen. It wasn't like. It wasn't my.
Pastor Brent McQuay: My priority was God, wherever you want
Pastor Brent McQuay: me to go, whatever you want me
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do. And it's like. Like, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: had plans. I'm like, everybody else plans
Pastor Brent McQuay: to get married and have kids. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was. God was like, no, go
Pastor Brent McQuay: to Mexico. Like, all right, I'm going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to Mexico. Just happen to find a
Pastor Brent McQuay: wife there, too. Like, that's not why
Pastor Brent McQuay: I went. It's the. The Cool thing
Pastor Brent McQuay: about that is how God works all
Pastor Brent McQuay: things together. But it really requires us
Pastor Brent McQuay: to sacrifice to say, God, the most
Pastor Brent McQuay: important thing in my life is you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not my plans, not my job, not
Pastor Brent McQuay: my career path, not my 10 year
Pastor Brent McQuay: goals. All of that is not even
Pastor Brent McQuay: secondary. You take up so much priority
Pastor Brent McQuay: that those things just fade away. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so the application is, do that. Choose
Pastor Brent McQuay: to sacrifice. Choose to lay down your
Pastor Brent McQuay: life and just pursue what God wants
Pastor Brent McQuay: you to pursue, which is Him. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: pursue him and, and whatever he adds
Pastor Brent McQuay: to your life, awesome. And if he
Pastor Brent McQuay: never adds the thing that you've always
Pastor Brent McQuay: wanted to your life, that's okay. Can
Pastor Brent McQuay: you be okay with that?
Tiffany Hines: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good. I was even thinking like
Ti'heasha Beasley: that, that dying element, that sacrifice. Do
Ti'heasha Beasley: you feel like God have to ask
Ti'heasha Beasley: you to do that or is that
Ti'heasha Beasley: something that you just should, as a
Ti'heasha Beasley: disciple of Jesus Christ, just give. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: like for example, missions. Do I need
Ti'heasha Beasley: to wait for God to tell me
Ti'heasha Beasley: to go on a missions trip and
Ti'heasha Beasley: which one to go to? Or do
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just have the heart to just
Ti'heasha Beasley: go and make disciples in all nations?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, I think you talk to them
Pastor Brent McQuay: about it. And here's the thing, no
Pastor Brent McQuay: one is exempt from going. However, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: distance you go is dependent on what
Pastor Brent McQuay: God wants for you. And so you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going maybe every Monday morning when you
Pastor Brent McQuay: get on the train and you go
Pastor Brent McQuay: downtown to work, right? And now you
Pastor Brent McQuay: are, you are going to that place
Pastor Brent McQuay: and your mindset has to shift. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: she even talked about this like, your
Pastor Brent McQuay: mind shift, mindset shifts. Man, that's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: dangerous set of words and letters. It
Pastor Brent McQuay: needs to change. Where. Now I'm not
Pastor Brent McQuay: going downtown to this job because it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: my career and it's not for my
Pastor Brent McQuay: paycheck. It's, this is my missionary field.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, this is where I am sent
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be a light for Jesus. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm going into that place looking for,
Pastor Brent McQuay: okay, God, who do you want me
Pastor Brent McQuay: to share the gospel with today? Okay,
Pastor Brent McQuay: which one of my co workers do
Pastor Brent McQuay: you want me to take out to
Pastor Brent McQuay: lunch after so we can have a
Pastor Brent McQuay: conversation? Who am I supposed to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: praying for today? And so it just,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it shifts how we look at life.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so do you have to ask
Pastor Brent McQuay: God if you're supposed to go? No,
Pastor Brent McQuay: he already told you to. Like, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: right there. Matthew 28:19, go, go. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's right there. So that's already an
Pastor Brent McQuay: instruction for every disciple. The distance you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: supposed to travel, it's going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: different for everybody. Is everybody supposed to
Pastor Brent McQuay: go internationally? Probably not. Could it be
Pastor Brent McQuay: Beneficial to your life and your faith?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Absolutely. 100%. As the pastor of Disciples
Pastor Brent McQuay: Church, do I want everybody to go
Pastor Brent McQuay: on at least one short term trip?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Absolutely. 100. Just because I, I know
Pastor Brent McQuay: what it did in my life. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: even the first trip I went on,
Pastor Brent McQuay: 12 years old, like the, the way
Pastor Brent McQuay: it changed my perspective of the world
Pastor Brent McQuay: of Christianity, of faith, of God, of
Pastor Brent McQuay: like everything changed for me on that
Pastor Brent McQuay: trip. And I, I got, I gave
Pastor Brent McQuay: my life to Christ, got baptized and
Pastor Brent McQuay: spoke in tongues by the time I
Pastor Brent McQuay: was five, six years old. I forget
Pastor Brent McQuay: where.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So it's like early on.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Fast track.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was early on, but it wasn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: until that first missions trip at 12
Pastor Brent McQuay: that something started to click. Yeah, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: some things started making bigger sense and
Pastor Brent McQuay: like that, that first trip. I don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: know if I've shared this story on
Pastor Brent McQuay: the podcast or not, but like I
Pastor Brent McQuay: had a similar moment to, to Lily
Pastor Brent McQuay: when she talked about she was doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: this, this birthday party and it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a big failure and all this stuff.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But like my first trip to Mexico,
Pastor Brent McQuay: one of the days, it was like
Pastor Brent McQuay: Book of Acts, we're having like house
Pastor Brent McQuay: church in this guy's home. He invited
Pastor Brent McQuay: us over, shared a meal, and then
Pastor Brent McQuay: we just had church service in this
Pastor Brent McQuay: guy's house. And there was a door,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like the way the, a lot of
Pastor Brent McQuay: the houses are in Mexico. There's like
Pastor Brent McQuay: a door that just opens up to
Pastor Brent McQuay: the street. Like, it's just so, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's a big gathering area and then
Pastor Brent McQuay: this big opening to the street and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're there. We're having a worship service.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We're praying. Like we're praying for family
Pastor Brent McQuay: members to be healed. And like, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just an awesome time and it's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: worship music going. And I saw a
Pastor Brent McQuay: group of kids about my age that
Pastor Brent McQuay: came up by the door, like walked
Pastor Brent McQuay: by, kind of like doing that, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: looking in and then turned around and
Pastor Brent McQuay: did it again. Like walked by the
Pastor Brent McQuay: door, kind of peeking in. I saw
Pastor Brent McQuay: him do it like two or three
Pastor Brent McQuay: times and they kind of like hovered
Pastor Brent McQuay: by the door. And remember, 12 year
Pastor Brent McQuay: old Brent is a lot like 41
Pastor Brent McQuay: year old Brent. Social anxiety, talking to
Pastor Brent McQuay: people, all that scary stuff. However, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: didn't have all the years of ministry
Pastor Brent McQuay: experience to make that easier. So immediately
Pastor Brent McQuay: I felt the Holy Spirit say go,
Pastor Brent McQuay: go and invite them to come in.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I was like, nope, nope. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: it was like every time they walked
Pastor Brent McQuay: by, it was like the Holy Spirit
Pastor Brent McQuay: was like, go, I'm giving you another
Pastor Brent McQuay: chance. So like four or five times
Pastor Brent McQuay: they're walking by. Finally Just standing there,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and I kept saying no. I kept
Pastor Brent McQuay: saying no, and I kept saying no.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then finally, I just felt like
Pastor Brent McQuay: if I said no one more time,
Pastor Brent McQuay: God was gonna be like, okay. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: that scared me, right? Like, that thought
Pastor Brent McQuay: of God's. God's gonna move on.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Doesn't want to work with me. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so even at 12, you're fired. Oh,
Pastor Brent McQuay: okay.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, I walked over. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: didn't speak any Spanish at that point.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I just walked over and, like, did
Pastor Brent McQuay: my best, like, Pictionary, like, charades of,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, trying to invite them to come
Pastor Brent McQuay: in.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And why do I see Bennett right
Ti'heasha Beasley: now?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just trying so hard. And literally, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: my worst fear as a. As somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: that has, like, social anxiety, my worst
Pastor Brent McQuay: fear is, like, looking dumb or looking
Pastor Brent McQuay: stupid. And literally this group of kids
Pastor Brent McQuay: about my age just look at me,
Pastor Brent McQuay: laugh their heads off and turn around
Pastor Brent McQuay: and just run off. And, like, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: went back into that.
Tiffany Hines: Dumb house, like, feeling like that was
Tiffany Hines: a dumb house.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's a dumb house. Dumb worship service.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's like, God, you. You made me
Pastor Brent McQuay: go talk to them. You pestered me
Pastor Brent McQuay: so many times, then made me feel
Pastor Brent McQuay: like if I didn't do this, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: were. You were leaving me. And it
Pastor Brent McQuay: was like, I don't want that happen.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So I did this in obedience.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, my God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And they laugh at me and they
Pastor Brent McQuay: run away. Like, it didn't even work.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, why am I ever gonna do
Pastor Brent McQuay: this again? It was a waste of.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I was. I was so mad
Pastor Brent McQuay: at God. And thankfully, he couldn't talk
Pastor Brent McQuay: to me in that moment because I
Pastor Brent McQuay: wouldn't have heard him. But somebody from
Pastor Brent McQuay: our team came over. I don't know
Pastor Brent McQuay: if they saw everything that happened. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't know if the Holy Spirit just
Pastor Brent McQuay: gave them a prophetic word or what,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but they just came over and they.
Pastor Brent McQuay: They said something along the lines of,
Pastor Brent McQuay: God just wants you to know that
Pastor Brent McQuay: he sees your obedience. And that's what
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's about.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it was that. That was the
Pastor Brent McQuay: light. At 12 years old, I had
Pastor Brent McQuay: this light bulb moment of. So all
Pastor Brent McQuay: I have to do is be obedient.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't actually have to, like, be
Pastor Brent McQuay: good at it. Yeah. I don't have
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be successful.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You don't have to get rid of.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To, like, like, say all the right
Pastor Brent McQuay: things to get.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's so good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Hey, it's. Yeah, it's good for us
Pastor Brent McQuay: to learn better tactics and better ways
Pastor Brent McQuay: to talk. Like, I love apologetics and
Pastor Brent McQuay: all this stuff because of that, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I want to be more effective. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: at the End of the day, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the effectiveness isn't the purpose.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it's, like, it's just obedience. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if he says go, then go.
Tiffany Hines: Because what you could have done was,
Tiffany Hines: no, but I'll go do something else
Tiffany Hines: in serving for this trip. And then
Tiffany Hines: that scripture about, no obedience is better
Tiffany Hines: than you trying to give another sacrifice.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, no, like, I could have been
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, oh, you know, I'm. I'm so
Pastor Brent McQuay: busy worshiping right now.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's a good thing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's a member of my team that
Pastor Brent McQuay: I could go pray for. I'm gonna
Pastor Brent McQuay: pray for them. And there's the. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: kid in the family that was sick.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And, like, we're all here to pray
Pastor Brent McQuay: for them. I'll go. I'll go do
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. I'm not gonna do the, know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: talking to strangers thing.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But, yeah, no, it's. It. Where's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: obedience? And so, yeah, so back to
Pastor Brent McQuay: the whole. Is everybody supposed to go?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes, absolutely. Is everybody supposed to go
Pastor Brent McQuay: on an international trip? I. I don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: know that I have the confidence to
Pastor Brent McQuay: say, yes, everybody is, but I can
Pastor Brent McQuay: say I want everyone to. But everybody
Pastor Brent McQuay: is supposed to go somewhere.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Go ahead. You have any thoughts about.
Tiffany Hines: On the practical.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, so.
Tiffany Hines: So one thing, because it was a
Tiffany Hines: big message. I think that as disciples
Tiffany Hines: and as disciples church, we know that
Tiffany Hines: this is an ongoing life process. So
Tiffany Hines: when she talks about and was saying
Tiffany Hines: this about laying down your whole life,
Tiffany Hines: that is a big thing that Jesus
Tiffany Hines: has asked us to do. Not expecting
Tiffany Hines: for tomorrow, for it to happen. And
Tiffany Hines: so with that, the biggest thing that
Tiffany Hines: I think that people could relate to,
Tiffany Hines: of what it. When it says about
Tiffany Hines: God's heart, about missions, is that surrender.
Tiffany Hines: And so as Pastor Brent was saying,
Tiffany Hines: is that, you know, dying and that
Tiffany Hines: total surrender. So having people come up
Tiffany Hines: at the altar team yesterday and someone
Tiffany Hines: please pray for me, because I just
Tiffany Hines: want to be totally surrender to God,
Tiffany Hines: and I want him to have his
Tiffany Hines: way in my life. And I was
Tiffany Hines: nervous about going on missions. And then
Tiffany Hines: when I thought about going on missions,
Tiffany Hines: it was actually for me and not
Tiffany Hines: necessarily for God. Like, that is the
Tiffany Hines: start of something really great. Transforming. And
Tiffany Hines: when we prayed, lord, let this process
Tiffany Hines: of transformation, it clearly is a sign
Tiffany Hines: because she desires this. This is going
Tiffany Hines: to be a process of. Of denying,
Tiffany Hines: you know, ourselves. But, like, the desire.
Tiffany Hines: Even the question she asked about, like,
Tiffany Hines: but then is my whole life surrendered
Tiffany Hines: then? And I had to look and
Tiffany Hines: be like, no, it's not fully surrendered.
Tiffany Hines: So the. What practical things could I
Tiffany Hines: do in this, in this daily surrender
Tiffany Hines: that needs to happen? Is how do
Tiffany Hines: I get in my word if I
Tiffany Hines: don't fully understand it? Hey, we have
Tiffany Hines: life groups here. We have DC groups
Tiffany Hines: here. I'm already, already using our new
Tiffany Hines: stuff. But coming to church or just
Tiffany Hines: talking to some people here in community
Tiffany Hines: of like, I want to grow more
Tiffany Hines: in Christ, and I don't know how
Tiffany Hines: to move forward in that. And so,
Tiffany Hines: but if you don't open your mouth,
Tiffany Hines: as we know, a closed mouth doesn't
Tiffany Hines: get fed. And so if you want
Tiffany Hines: to be fed, you're going to have
Tiffany Hines: to open your mouth to God. You're
Tiffany Hines: going to have to open your mouth
Tiffany Hines: to some people to say, like, this
Tiffany Hines: is an area of my life that
Tiffany Hines: is going to take some dying and
Tiffany Hines: it's going to take some confession and
Tiffany Hines: it's going to take some more dying
Tiffany Hines: and it's going to take some celebrations
Tiffany Hines: and there's going to be like another
Tiffany Hines: level. And actually what's happening is discipleship
Tiffany Hines: and transformation is happening. And the more
Tiffany Hines: you're doing it, you're seeing now my
Tiffany Hines: life is fully laid down. So when
Tiffany Hines: she was sharing and it was like
Tiffany Hines: her heart was just in this bliss
Tiffany Hines: of even though her plans didn't all
Tiffany Hines: the things she wanted initially in her
Tiffany Hines: plan, she was like, I am living
Tiffany Hines: the. She didn't say nightmare.
Pastor Brent McQuay: She said, my worst fears.
Tiffany Hines: My worst fear is that I'm living
Tiffany Hines: out what I didn't want. But she
Tiffany Hines: was like, but the, the, the so
Tiffany Hines: much of just like the pleasure and
Tiffany Hines: joy of doing what God said. She's
Tiffany Hines: like, I wouldn't change anything. I would
Tiffany Hines: have just said yes sooner. Back to
Tiffany Hines: that total surrender. And so it's like,
Tiffany Hines: regardless of age, you know what I
Tiffany Hines: mean? The total surrender is that process
Tiffany Hines: of discipleship. And that doesn't mean you
Tiffany Hines: don't make on the way when it
Tiffany Hines: comes. You don't continue to make disciples
Tiffany Hines: and share the good news of God,
Tiffany Hines: Jesus. But those are just the pr.
Tiffany Hines: Like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I think to just to piggyback
Pastor Brent McQuay: off of that the way Luke describes
Pastor Brent McQuay: it, which I'm really excited.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Next looping. I knew you was looping.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And Luke, I always got to bring
Pastor Brent McQuay: back the L. That's what we're. We're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to have so much fun in
Pastor Brent McQuay: Luke. We're going to be there forever.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But so the way Luke phrases it
Pastor Brent McQuay: is it's take up your cross daily
Pastor Brent McQuay: to follow me. And that's like, that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like surrender is not a moment. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I didn't surrender at 12. Like, sure
Pastor Brent McQuay: I did. But I also had to
Pastor Brent McQuay: surrender the next Day.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then the next day, and then
Pastor Brent McQuay: the next day. And. And. And what
Pastor Brent McQuay: I found in my own discipleship life
Pastor Brent McQuay: is there are days where I'm better
Pastor Brent McQuay: at surrender than others.
Tiffany Hines: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then there's even areas that I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: better. So, like, start with, like, if
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody is trying to figure out, okay,
Pastor Brent McQuay: well, how do I just. Total surrender.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, that might be too big for
Pastor Brent McQuay: you right now.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But what's the one thing, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: God doesn't want you doing that you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: still doing?
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Pick the one thing and say, I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to surrender this thing and whatever
Pastor Brent McQuay: that looks like, whatever that is. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: start with surrendering that thing to him
Pastor Brent McQuay: today and then wake up tomorrow. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: before you do anything else, surrender that
Pastor Brent McQuay: same thing again and do that again
Pastor Brent McQuay: and again.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's great.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Again and again. And discipleship, it's. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lifelong process. And so what's really
Pastor Brent McQuay: neat in. In my life is walking
Pastor Brent McQuay: this journey is like, there are things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that I've surrendered and then picked back
Pastor Brent McQuay: up and had to re. Surrender. There's
Pastor Brent McQuay: some things that I thought I had
Pastor Brent McQuay: surrendered. And then something happens and it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, oh, I had, like, surrendered like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: 90 of it. And as long as
Pastor Brent McQuay: the other 10 didn't show up, it
Pastor Brent McQuay: looked good.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But then that 10 popped in and
Pastor Brent McQuay: it was like, oh, yeah. I never
Pastor Brent McQuay: really surrendered that part.
Tiffany Hines: And that part sucks.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yep.
Tiffany Hines: When you really think, yeah, I've got
Tiffany Hines: it figured out, and then God, like,
Tiffany Hines: exposes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Oh, yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just keep feeling it's just too
Ti'heasha Beasley: much for me. Okay. I'm over here
Ti'heasha Beasley: going through myself, just thinking about, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: sorry, we are too.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You guys are like, y' all haven't
Ti'heasha Beasley: figured out.
Tiffany Hines: No, not at all. Like, I'm. I'm
Tiffany Hines: taking pauses because I could cry. Cry.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I feel like crying right now. But
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm trying to hold it together for
Ti'heasha Beasley: this interview only because, like, again, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think it was just the gut punch
Ti'heasha Beasley: we needed to get back into alignment
Ti'heasha Beasley: with what is important, what is necessary.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I could just start with me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, I can be consumed with taisha,
Ti'heasha Beasley: what my plans are, what my agenda
Ti'heasha Beasley: is. And then you look up and
Ti'heasha Beasley: you'd be like, I've strayed so far
Ti'heasha Beasley: away from that obedience piece, and you
Ti'heasha Beasley: don't even realize it because you're doing
Ti'heasha Beasley: good.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You know what I mean? And you're
Ti'heasha Beasley: seeing results and you're saying results.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Making all the sacrifices.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So it's. I pray that the way
Ti'heasha Beasley: that it's Impacting us. That it's, that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is something that is impacting those who
Ti'heasha Beasley: attended and those who are even listening
Ti'heasha Beasley: or go listen to that message. Because
Ti'heasha Beasley: I feel like it's not a coincidence
Ti'heasha Beasley: that yesterday happened and we're about to
Ti'heasha Beasley: go into a new year as a
Ti'heasha Beasley: church and this will be our first
Ti'heasha Beasley: full year as Disciple church. And then
Ti'heasha Beasley: 2026 is like second year and it
Ti'heasha Beasley: kind of aligns again with your vision.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So you are in tune with God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And it's good to know we're following
Ti'heasha Beasley: someone who's in tune because even like
Ti'heasha Beasley: what you were sharing in staff chapel
Ti'heasha Beasley: about, like we were kind of building
Ti'heasha Beasley: that plane in the air. And even
Ti'heasha Beasley: your vision for next year to bring
Ti'heasha Beasley: in the people. Like, I think God
Ti'heasha Beasley: wanted our heart to be in the
Ti'heasha Beasley: right place. Like we're bringing in the
Ti'heasha Beasley: loss. Like that's our objective.
Tiffany Hines: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Everything we do from this point forward
Ti'heasha Beasley: is to reach the loss. Like that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is what making disciples is. That is
Ti'heasha Beasley: what being one make one really is.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I think it was just a
Ti'heasha Beasley: great, like tie in to what God
Ti'heasha Beasley: is doing here. So I'm really excited
Ti'heasha Beasley: for our church. You want to share
Ti'heasha Beasley: why you, you getting really much?
Tiffany Hines: No, I was just saying when you
Tiffany Hines: said I'm really excited, I was smiling.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, I was really excited.
Tiffany Hines: It's messy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's not gonna be pretty.
Tiffany Hines: It is. And so that's one thing
Tiffany Hines: that also gets questioned or a thing
Tiffany Hines: that we have to prepare our hearts
Tiffany Hines: for is that we're in, you know,
Tiffany Hines: a middle class suburb. You know what
Tiffany Hines: I mean? You got some really high
Tiffany Hines: professionals that go here. You have some
Tiffany Hines: people that are just trying to, trying
Tiffany Hines: to make it all of this mix.
Tiffany Hines: And so if you don't begin to
Tiffany Hines: prepare your heart of what the mission
Tiffany Hines: is and not that that is going
Tiffany Hines: to. I feel like the more people
Tiffany Hines: hear that and see that even as
Tiffany Hines: we're seeing this growth as Disciples Church,
Tiffany Hines: then it's going to look different. And
Tiffany Hines: are you okay with what unreached look
Tiffany Hines: like? Because unreach could also look like
Tiffany Hines: someone that is a suit. So don't
Tiffany Hines: neglect them just because they have on
Tiffany Hines: the suit and may look like they
Tiffany Hines: have it all together. And that could
Tiffany Hines: also look like someone that is like
Tiffany Hines: off the street. And so that kind
Tiffany Hines: of preparing your heart for if we
Tiffany Hines: ask for the unreached and we start
Tiffany Hines: doing that and we're not even a
Tiffany Hines: community church, you know what I mean?
Tiffany Hines: So we're going to get people from
Tiffany Hines: all, all different places and being able
Tiffany Hines: to prepare our hearts of like what
Tiffany Hines: God's mission is and what, what discipling
Tiffany Hines: is going to look like for us
Tiffany Hines: in 20, 26 and beyond. So, yeah,
Tiffany Hines: it's going to be a pretty mess.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Pretty mess. I'm here for it. You
Ti'heasha Beasley: here for it, Pastor?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Absolutely, 100%. I'm excited. I think that
Pastor Brent McQuay: this reminder on Sunday that God's first,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's one of those things that we
Pastor Brent McQuay: say it all the time. That was
Pastor Brent McQuay: the core value of the internship I
Pastor Brent McQuay: was a part of, and we've carried
Pastor Brent McQuay: that in to everything we do. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: sometimes you need somebody coming through to
Pastor Brent McQuay: just remind you of that and to
Pastor Brent McQuay: just say it in a fresh way
Pastor Brent McQuay: that goes, okay, have I gotten off
Pastor Brent McQuay: mission? Have I gotten off track in
Pastor Brent McQuay: any area of my life? And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think Sunday was not just a
Pastor Brent McQuay: missions message. No, it was just a
Pastor Brent McQuay: life message. Message of are you fully
Pastor Brent McQuay: surrendered to God? Is he priority? Or
Pastor Brent McQuay: are you still trying to have, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: know, your life sprinkling in his plans
Pastor Brent McQuay: where they fit? Or have you truly
Pastor Brent McQuay: said, you know what, my life is
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to be lost, but I'm going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to find a new life in you,
Pastor Brent McQuay: because that's what we're instructed to do.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I feel
Ti'heasha Beasley: like this was a really great series.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So instead of just having us recap
Ti'heasha Beasley: as we land this plane just from
Ti'heasha Beasley: yesterday, maybe from the entire missions, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know you weren't here because you
Ti'heasha Beasley: were doing missions, Nairobi, Kenya, whatever, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: could give your, your closing remarks that
Ti'heasha Beasley: we want to leave with those watching
Ti'heasha Beasley: to encourage them and inspire them to
Ti'heasha Beasley: really join in that mission of going
Ti'heasha Beasley: to missions or however that looks. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: we can go at you first. Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Bryant.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, I think I just, I still
Pastor Brent McQuay: love just the way she articulated the
Pastor Brent McQuay: shifting of the perspective of what missions
Pastor Brent McQuay: is about. It's not about going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: poor people in poor places, but it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: about going to people that don't know
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus. And when you have that understanding
Pastor Brent McQuay: of missions now, all of a sudden
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to work looks different, going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: school looks different, going cross country looks
Pastor Brent McQuay: different, and going into other nations looks
Pastor Brent McQuay: different. Like, so with that mentality, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: when you go on the Japan trip,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, what does that look like? When
Pastor Brent McQuay: you go on the Philippines trip, what
Pastor Brent McQuay: does that look like? When, when you
Pastor Brent McQuay: go with her to the uk, what
Pastor Brent McQuay: does that look like? So, like, we've
Pastor Brent McQuay: got a lot of different trips that
Pastor Brent McQuay: are available for people, and I just,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I want us to make sure that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we keep God and the gospel as
Pastor Brent McQuay: the priority. That was my, that's good.
Tiffany Hines: I'm struggling of what else to say.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Of that's the takeaway for those takeaway.
Tiffany Hines: Mm. I think that if. If I
Tiffany Hines: was to have a take. A takeaway
Tiffany Hines: for people from this series and something
Tiffany Hines: you mentioned about it is a not
Tiffany Hines: just series, but about the life thing,
Tiffany Hines: I would say that. And this is
Tiffany Hines: tying into the. The song that we
Tiffany Hines: sang, one of the songs more than
Tiffany Hines: Abel in the end of this song,
Tiffany Hines: it was saying, you know, he's not
Tiffany Hines: done with me yet. And so the
Tiffany Hines: song says so many things. But after
Tiffany Hines: listening that I listened to Lily in
Tiffany Hines: the first service, then we sang the
Tiffany Hines: next service, you know, we had three
Tiffany Hines: more services. And so I think that
Tiffany Hines: you can exclude yourself from these type
Tiffany Hines: of things of like big calls or
Tiffany Hines: like this is important for some people
Tiffany Hines: and not me is that if you're
Tiffany Hines: here on this earth, then God has
Tiffany Hines: something for you to do. So that
Tiffany Hines: that word of encouragement is yes, God
Tiffany Hines: has called you to do something. Yes,
Tiffany Hines: he wants you surrender. Yes, he has
Tiffany Hines: a plan for you. And so he's
Tiffany Hines: not done be encouraged. It's not just
Tiffany Hines: for the elite or the super spiritual
Tiffany Hines: when it comes to sharing the gospel,
Tiffany Hines: but it's for. It's for everybody. It's
Tiffany Hines: for you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good. I mean, you guys did
Ti'heasha Beasley: so good. I don't really need to
Ti'heasha Beasley: do.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, you can't get out of that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know why you try that
Pastor Brent McQuay: every week.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I mean, I think I should be.
Ti'heasha Beasley: How many shows have you done at
Ti'heasha Beasley: this point? I think I should be
Ti'heasha Beasley: excluded from doing. But I think what
Ti'heasha Beasley: came to mind is if you have
Ti'heasha Beasley: been a part of, you know, our
Ti'heasha Beasley: in. In service church sermons, if you
Ti'heasha Beasley: were able to join us online in
Ti'heasha Beasley: person or even just follow us on
Ti'heasha Beasley: between sermons. I think that God is
Ti'heasha Beasley: a very intentional guide and nothing happens
Ti'heasha Beasley: that he is not fully aware of.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so I feel like he's speaking
Ti'heasha Beasley: very clearly and he wants our hearts
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be aligned back to his, which
Ti'heasha Beasley: is him first, and then making sure
Ti'heasha Beasley: we. We do live a life that's
Ti'heasha Beasley: surrendered to God and, and that we
Ti'heasha Beasley: do understand that it's about the gospel
Ti'heasha Beasley: of Jesus Christ. It's about reaching the
Ti'heasha Beasley: loss. And so everything we do, whatever
Ti'heasha Beasley: opportunities we have, really, really seek God
Ti'heasha Beasley: for that and know that he will
Ti'heasha Beasley: be with you, he's faithful. And yeah,
Ti'heasha Beasley: if you have a desire to join
Ti'heasha Beasley: us on one of our mission trips,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I think that, that. I think that's
Ti'heasha Beasley: a beautiful desire and I think God
Ti'heasha Beasley: is calling you to that and I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think you should. Should listen because he
Ti'heasha Beasley: will provide for you. And so I
Ti'heasha Beasley: just pray for you if you're watching
Ti'heasha Beasley: and you feel that pull or if
Ti'heasha Beasley: you're just in a space where you
Ti'heasha Beasley: was like, I don't really know what
Ti'heasha Beasley: surrender looks like. I pray that God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you will have an encounter with God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That maybe something you heard in one
Ti'heasha Beasley: of the messages, you know, reignite that
Ti'heasha Beasley: fire. But I just pray that God
Ti'heasha Beasley: is with you on this journey. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: so, yeah, that's my takeaway.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Good job, Taisha.
Tiffany Hines: It was great.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Praise the Lord. I'm always over.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I appreciate your obedience.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Obedience. I mean, I have. I. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was over here repenting like, God, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: didn't do this. It was so many
Ti'heasha Beasley: things I felt and it was like
Ti'heasha Beasley: little silly things. And I'm like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: should. I still should have did it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But anyway, yeah. So this has been
Ti'heasha Beasley: a great conversation on missions. Next week
Ti'heasha Beasley: we are starting a whole new sermon
Ti'heasha Beasley: series. Are you excited for that?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I am, yeah. So we're doing Christian
Pastor Brent McQuay: Atheists, actually, you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Gotta say that more lively.
Tiffany Hines: This is the creative. We need you
Tiffany Hines: to really.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was trying to say, like, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a book that actually, it really affected
Pastor Brent McQuay: me when it first came out, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: over a decade ago. And it actually,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it is part of the foundation of
Pastor Brent McQuay: the shift to Disciples Church. It's this
Pastor Brent McQuay: concept of sometimes we say we're Christian,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but we don't really live like it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And that's why our shift to Disciples
Pastor Brent McQuay: Church, it was built out of that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The word Christian only shows up three
Pastor Brent McQuay: times in the Bible. It's derogatory term.
Pastor Brent McQuay: All but one that's still has the
Pastor Brent McQuay: derogatory, like aspect of it. Or Peter's,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, celebrate the fact that they're calling
Pastor Brent McQuay: you Christian. They're making fun of you,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but rejoice in it because they're identifying
Pastor Brent McQuay: you with Christ. So it's still a
Pastor Brent McQuay: negative, but he's just. Peter's trying to
Pastor Brent McQuay: turn it into a positive. But what
Pastor Brent McQuay: we see, I think it's like 260
Pastor Brent McQuay: times, 270 times is the word disciple.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so we made this shift partly
Pastor Brent McQuay: inspired by the book I read in
Pastor Brent McQuay: 2010, 2011, whenever it first came out
Pastor Brent McQuay: by Craig Groeschel. And so they've got
Pastor Brent McQuay: a sermon series on it. There's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: book. You can buy the book on
Pastor Brent McQuay: it. Our take is always going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a little bit different. We try
Pastor Brent McQuay: not to just regurgitate other people's stuff.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so but we're going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: focusing on what does it look like
Pastor Brent McQuay: or what does it mean to claim
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be a Christian but not actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: live like it. So that's what we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to focus on for the next
Pastor Brent McQuay: three weeks. Be good. I'm excited for
Pastor Brent McQuay: it. I am.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm gonna have him do a real
Ti'heasha Beasley: video. Don't worry about it towards the
Ti'heasha Beasley: end of the week. But yes, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: are excited. So make sure to join
Ti'heasha Beasley: us in person or online. It's going
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be an amazing sermon series. We
Ti'heasha Beasley: are very excited. Man. The year is
Ti'heasha Beasley: coming to the end. Can you believe
Ti'heasha Beasley: is November.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, yeah, we got three weeks of
Pastor Brent McQuay: this series. Then we got three weeks
Pastor Brent McQuay: of our next series which is red
Pastor Brent McQuay: flags.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Talking about relationships.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Relationships.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then it's Christmas and then a
Pastor Brent McQuay: New Year's message and then we're done.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, 25 is over. Eight weeks.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Eight, man. Going so fast. Okay, well,
Ti'heasha Beasley: until. Right, buckle up. But until we
Ti'heasha Beasley: meet again, we love you here at
Ti'heasha Beasley: Disciples Church and we will see you
Ti'heasha Beasley: next week.